.\" $Header: /home/anarcat/src/kedpm-cvs/kedpm/doc/kedpm.1,v 1.1 2004/12/06 20:35:04 kedder Exp $
.\"
.\"	transcript compatibility for postscript use.
.\"
.\"	synopsis:  .P! <file.ps>
.\"
.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed \-e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1
..
.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "KEDPM" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
kedpm \(em Ked Password Manager 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBkedpm\fR [OPTION]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents briefly the 
\fBkedpm\fR command. 
.PP 
This manual page was written for the \fBDebian\fP distribution 
because the original program does not have a manual page. 
 
.PP 
\fBkedpm\fR Ked Password Manager helps to 
manage large amounts of passwords and related information and 
simplifies tasks of searching and entering password data. 
.PP 
KedPM written in python and can be run virtually on any platform python 
interpreter can run. 
.PP 
KedPM written as extensible framework, which allows to plug 
in custom password database back-ends and custom user interface 
front-ends. Currently only Figaro PM back-end supported. To manage 
his passwords, user can choose between GUI (GTK2 based graphical 
user interface) and CLI (Command Line Interface). 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, 
with long options starting with two dashes (`-').  A summary of 
options is included below. 
.IP "\fB\-h\fP 				  \fB\-?\fP           \fB\--help\fP         " 10 
Show summary of options. 
.IP "\fB\-c\fP           \fB\--frontend=cli\fP         " 10 
Run command line interface. 
.IP "\fB\-g\fP           \fB\--frontend=gui\fP         " 10 
Run GTK2 graphical interface. 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Matthias Kaehlcke <matze@sindominio.net> for 
the \fBDebian\fP system (but may be used by others).  Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 any  
later version published by the Free Software Foundation. 
 
.PP 
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public 
License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL. 
 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Sun 05 Dec 2004, 20:39 
